Last updated: Tues Feb13 4pm

I had a lot of trouble uploading and organizing my files
on GitHub last week. I hadn't been keeping the files in
order so I moved them around it became a whole mess. 

This is where I'm gonna explain what's happening in the files
as well, because I prefer navigating using a guide rather than
having to click through a million folders to figure out what
stuff is. 

Anyway, here i go. 

Week1

    >1>doodle1.js
        This builds off the simple sketch we did in class.
        I tried using different types of shapes and played
        around with color and opacity. I also made it so
        pressing a key changes the color. 
        
    >2>doodle3.js
        I made the gradients in the background by stacking
        a lot of rectangles and incrementally changing their
        color values. The code in this file is extremely
        unweildy, and it caused me to spend time learning
        about functions on the p5 reference library, which I
        used in later sketches. I used a bunch of arcs +
        bezier curves, and I borrowed code from p5's example
        page to make the triangles around the eye w/ a star.

    >3>doodle4.js
        I used arcs to make a fairly intricate pattern. 
        I began figuring out how to make functions, which
        I used in the next sketch.

    >4>doodle5.js
        I made a function called "objHand" which could be 
        used to draw hands in different colors, sizes, and
        locations. I used iteration to draw the grid. This
        was before I learned in class that you could define
        the variables for a function and then put their values
        in the parenthesis, and it was also before I learned
        about begin shape. 

    >5>doodle6.js
        I haven't finished this sketch. I was copying a drawing
        that I did in my journal with dot grid paper. 

Week2

    >1>doodle7.js
        I started to figure out how to make an interative function
        that varies over 2 dimensions in order to make the bricks
        in the back.

        I adapted the star and target fcns into a new one, where
        the number of steps and the radius of each step are the
        variables. The number of points on the stars varies in 
        relation to the circumference of each ring so the resulting
        triangles stay roughly equalateral.


    >2>doodle8.js
        I built on the starGet function so that colors could be chosen.
        The rings are in a pattern of A, B, A, B, etc. where the "A"
        rings have one set of color values and the "B"s have another.
        The function also allows for the rings to interpolate between
        a starting and ending color value. It ain't the most amazin' 
        thing but i'm learnin' 




    


